Best apps for students that help them to choose the best Career and sharpen their skills

Choosing a career is one of the most important decisions that a student has to make. It is not something that they can change easily, so it needs to be done with utmost responsibility. There are many apps available for students that help them in the process. These apps can help them to choose their best career, sharpen their skills as well and even get an education on the go, then check out the applications below:

Hirect:
Hirect is a chat-based direct hiring platform designed for high-growth start-ups, SMEs and large enterprises to meet their hiring needs without consultants and with 100% data privacy. The application allows students to find internships and job opportunities very quickly and easily. However, Hirect also provides a filter option where a candidate can look for jobs as per their location and industry preference. Students who are not willing to join a full-time job can also opt for a part-time option or maybe an internship program to understand corporate life and choose their career accordingly.

The application has recently clocked 9 million+ downloads, where more than 190K recruiters are actively hiring for various roles. The platform offers a wide range of categories from which students can select the type of work along with the duration of the internship. More importantly, the platform doesn’t charge anything to the candidates.

Key Education Foundation:
Key Education Foundation is a platform that works with children from low-income communities to ensure they get the best Early Childhood Education. The app has impacted 100+ schools, 8000+ students, 500+ teachers, and 8000+ families across the country. The company aims to ensure age-appropriate, holistic development of children such that they are school ready before they enter 1st grade. The organization ties up with schools and delivers its “School Readiness Program” where they work with the children, teachers, and parents in the school directly. The major reason for starting the app is to deliver quality education to children at an early stage.

National digital library
National digital library is a platform that garners a plethora of content of any language and provides interface support for leading vernacular languages. “Ministry of Human Resource Development under its National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology has initiated the National Digital Library of India,” as per the official website. The app helps the students to get access to any book in any language, it provides for all academic levels including researchers and lifelong learners, and more. If you are a student and don’t know where to get a book then NDL will be the best option for you.

Grammarly
If you are bight tight at grammar and don’t know whom to rely on then Grammarly could be your best companion as the app provides grammar correction. The cloud-based typing assistant also allows users to directly type on the platform and simultaneously review spellings, typos, grammar, and more. The platform uses artificial intelligence to identify mistakes and search for appropriate suggestions. It’s one of the best apps if you are into content writing.

Simplilearn
The India-based global ed-tech company Simplilearn is a very helpful app for students for sharpening their skills; the app has 2000+ qualified trainers, 400+ courses, and 40+ global accreditations. The platform provides online training in disciplines such as Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, Project Management, Digital Marketing, Data Science, and more. In simple words, students can get a chance of getting trained in areas where technologies and best practices are changing rapidly.